[4.x] Feat: Global configuration of ungrouped record actions (#16778)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/tables/docs/04-actions.md

}
```

> ### Global settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Global record action settings
```

> To customize the default configuration used for ungrouped record actions, you can call the function `configureUngroupedRecordActionsUsing()` inside the static `configureUsing()` method of `Filament\Tables\Table` from the `boot()` method of a service provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the default configuration used for ungrouped record actions, you can use `configureUngroupedRecordActionsUsing()` from a [`Table::configureUsing()` function](overview#global-settings) in the `boot()` method of a service provider:
```
